To whom Caps Month concern at Caps Caps Caps, Caps Caps's possible, imagine a world Caps computers, Caps drivers are bumping around and having difficulty watching the wheel and the road, phone bills are throughh the roof because of the whole world having no other way of communicating, and students are home worried sick that they don't have a book to study with. Computers affect all of these areas of our lives. They teach hand-eye coordination, allows us to communicate with others dozens of ways, and let students learn and stay up-dated from their very own home. Computers must stay a fundamental part of our every day. To begin, computers must remain in our community because they teach even young children hand-eye coordination. In a recent report the Organization states that in the past five years; the number of driving students who pass on their first try has almost doubled. The video games, the computer mice, and even typing the brain at a young age to work in sync with the body's arms, finger and other apend ages, "Caps's not only on the road where hand-eye counts." says Person, head of surgery at Organization hospital. "Caps finding that younger doctors, ones that grew up on video and computer games, can form robotics surgery with much more presision than our older atendings." Caps the coordination we aquire from the computer many jobs Month be out of reach, too. When saked, num out of num managers of local business said they would have someone who could type, over someone who couldn't. So, though you Month think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life. Secondly, computers should be part of homes because they allow people to communicate with others world. In a date poll, only percent of num years old had, but a recent poll says that percent now have e-pals. Computer have opened to communicate e-mail, Caps, social networking sites, just to name a few! Parenting Caps says that parents prefer there teens to e-mail trends or Caps as aposed to talk on the phone because Caps quiets the house, the phonelines for others and keeps phone bill low. My friend once only talked online for a month and her parents encourage her because the phone decreased by a third, Caps's clear that even though you Month feel that computers take up time that could be spent with others, Caps's actually a way to communicate with people everywhere. Finaly, computers can help students learn. In todays schools, students depend on homework being posted online, and getting their books over the web. Once, my brother didn't take home his book-bag for a week, and got all online. We was greatful for the strain off his back. When asked percent of num graders say they use e-books at least twice a week. the internet also is a valuable research tool. Num out of num highschoolers say they use a book for researh less than once a month. As you can see, the internet is a valuable learning tool. In conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education. Computers have nothing but positive effects on people on society as a whole.