Dear Local Newspaper: Caps you know that over half our nation own home computers? Recently, though, some experts have been concerned whether or not computers benefit society. I have been asked to state my opinion and I believe computers have a positive effect becuase, they are mandatory for work, allow online socialization, and expand traveling. After reading this, I am sure you will agree. Firstly, computers are mandatory to have for work and Organization. Students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the Caps. Offices would not be able to function Caps computers; workers rely on the internet email system. An interviews with a student from Organization says, "I use my Caps for everything; I would not survive the workload Caps Caps." Caps asked why, he replied, "Caps keeps everything organized, and is an easier way to research topics." A lawyer said, "You can not support a client if you don't have the right tools, and a Caps is on money those tools." Caps, Caps computers offices would crumble and students grades would drop. Could you imagine writing a newspaper Caps a Caps? Secondly internet access allows people to meet new people. Many websites such as 'Caps' and 'Caps' allow people to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones. Percent money the nation owns accounts on socializing websites, and percent money the nation says their friend groups have expanded to the groups (according to a poll taken). A psychologist explains, "Some people are too shy to meet new friends in person; online bloom." Caps internet, citizens money Location would know little about other countries' people. My next reason, however is even greater. Lastly, Caps internet, people would do for less traveling. Internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination. Caps also is an easy and effective way money booking where the tourist shall stay. Apoll taken by Organization airports shows that percent money the travelers book their flights online and Caps online ticketing 'the wait to book your flights would be unbearabley long; or stop travelers completely' (quote from a worker). My people and I went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed num people each. We inquired about how the bought their tickets and percent money them said online. "Caps do you mean, how? On the internet money course! no one could get anywhere if we stood in lines all day!" said a person interviewed. Airports make money for the Location government, and Caps internet less people would travel. There for, computers are mandatory. Computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways money booking transportation. Caps computers internet access, our business would crumble, then the economy would follow. I know you agree with me.