Dear Person, I strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community. One reason I feel this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. These computers provide access to games helpful in Organization training. In fact, Organization, in Location, Caps, just began using these games as part of their training this date. Instructors report that Organization skills in trainees and students are far better than in years past. Additionally, computer games can improve reflexes. Two years ago, a man named Person, num years old, fell onto the train tracks just as a train was coming by. Through extra-ordinary reflexes he managed to leap out of the way, saving his life. When asked how he did Caps, he said he had been playing computer games since he was num years old. These games also make you more intelligent. The Organization's date study reports that brains were percent more active after use of computers. The researchers achieved this data by attaching electrolytes to the patient's brain both before and after using the computer. Caps is for these reasons that computers improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. Another reason for why computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online. They even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, strengthening your relationships. I recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to Location. Letters were too expensive and took too long, but email and skype provide us with a great alternative. These computers also improve social skills. Person, resident here in town, says, "I love using computers because I can talk to my friends whenever I want, and I feel like Caps really helps us communicate." Who wouldn't love a machine that provides a service like that? These computers can even improve your mood. In a test done by Organization in date, num people were put in seperate rooms with personal computers for num hour. Afterwards, percent said they felt an improvement in their mood. Computers are great because they allow you to talk online. Finally, computers allow you to learn about other places. Virtual tours are becoming more and more common today. Infact, at Caps.org, you can take virtual tours of over num different countries, including Location, Location, Location, and Location. You can also learn about other cultures and their traditions through online videos at youtube.com and articles at wikipedia.org, the free encyclopedia. You can even learn new recipes. Celebrity chef extraordinare Person not only posts all her recipes online at mstewart.com, but she even finds some of them! In a recent interview by Caps magazine, when asked where she's found some of her best recipes, including her famous Caps chocolate cake, Person admits she found most of them online, saying, "Caps's a powerful resource that more people should use. Al Caps currently owns the world's best cookbook!" Caps is because of this that computers allow you to learn about other place. Thank you for your time, and I hope you take what I have said into consideration. Caps is for all of these reasons I strongly believe computers are beneficial to the community.