Organization, Caps not advance in technology?" asks four year old Person. There are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer. Caps of wasting time on this device, people arent excersicing, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with their friends and family. When you are on the computer for one hour, how many calories do you think you're burning? According to a study done at Organization, one of the best colleges in the world, you're only burning num calories. To maintain a healthy weight, you must burn at least num,000 calories a day! The average citizen in Location, Location spends num hours on the computer so that's num calories. Even if they did aerobic excersize for the rest of the day, they couldn't burn enough calories Caps you can only burn num calories an hour at the average aerobics class. If people can't maintain a healthy weight, they became obese, if they are obese they can get heart attacks, and if they have a heart attack, they could die! Percent of the obese population in the Location die from a heart attack. With out a doubt, computers are like poison, if you use it, you'll get sick - but if you use to much, you'll die. Imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond. In the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly. If you are in percent of Caps who have actually seen something like this with your own eyes you're lucky. "Caps fellow Caps, I painfully state this fact. The rainforest in Location is being cutdown as we speak. This is Caps the Caps never go out and smell fresh air & see how beautiful the rainforest really is. We must stop them!" pleads former Caps Person in an internationally televised speach. Too bad only num out of every num Caps could relate to kid message. Percent of Caps have never gone out into nature. Caps of this, people are saying who cares about nature & the rain forest? "Caps of this, the rainforest is mercilessly being destroyed and animals are loosing their homes. When a pool was given to the percent of people who don't ever go outside to ejoy nature percent of them responded that it was Caps they are too busy spending time on the computer. The computer is a monster - it's killing our planet." I love Caps mommy. I Caps her everyday before dinner," sadly states eight year old, Person. Using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer. A num year old cancer patient, Organization was on his death bed what he wished that he could change about his life, he answerd, "I wish that I didn't use the computers as much I got to know Caps family & friends better! Organization died lates that day. Do you want to carry around that heavy of a burden with you until your death? No, you don't. In a drug rehab the Organization asked the patients Caps they started drugs in the first in the first place, percent answered that it was Caps they didn't feel love by their families. After they answered, they were asked Caps they didn't feel love, percent of them answered Caps the people that they love were to busy on the computers. Unless you want to put one of your love ones' in the hospital do not use the computers. Obviously, computers are aweful technological devices. Yes, they do help with coordination, but would you rather be fast, not enjoy family & nature, but be able to catch a ball or be healthy, loved, and loving?"