Dear Caps: you recently posed a question in you Newspaper. The Caps yourk Caps, asking if the readers were for or against technology. I support computers because they give one opportunity to learn about different people all over the world and their culture, they save massive ammounts of time in today's hustle-bustle society, and you can talk to people online via certain computer programs. With a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture. I read an article in the Caps Caps about a man who was participating in a church program in which a foreign citizan would come to Location for a while to make friends and learn about the Location. This man, Person, was assigned a from the farms of Caps who had never been out of the fields. Person thought Caps would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting. Unfortunatley, he knew nothing about Caps. he did have a computer though which he quickly retreated to so he could learn everything about her home. When the woman stepped into his door, Caps was eastastic to feel like Caps was home again. Caps ended up staying with Person and getting married. If he had not charmed her with his knowledge from the computer. Caps might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him. Also, Person from Organization says that language students such as spanish and french have percent higher success rate if they have a computer to learn more about the countries. He says the average grade for kids with a computer is an A. but the average grade for kids Caps a computer is a Caps. Therefore, having a computer to learn about faraway places and people can ensure happiness and succes in the future. Computer also save a massive ammount of time. In the school Newspaper, Person told about her homework problem. "Caps night I had Caps homework. I had vocals Caps is a galore to deal with. I had to look up Caps word in the huge dictionary, I was failing Caps because i just didn't have the time for my homework! Then my family bought me a computer, Caps was so nice using the online dictionary. I could finish my homework in num minutes compared to num hours! I was finally doing well in Caps." Caps her computer, Person would have to have and Caps num. Caps would have just kept failing Caps her time-saving computer. ALso, Percent says that Percent of people get to work faster when they look up traffic reports on the computer instead of listening in the radio. He says that Percent of people get a because their boss is so impressed with their consistent timing. As you can see, time is a valuable thing which computers can help save. Finally, computer allow one to talk online. A student once had the misfortune to break one of his vertabrae. The doctor told him that he would not be able to participate in school for a. The student, Person, came up with a plan to speak to his teachers via his laptop and webcam. Everyday, the teachers would give Person an update over his computer. When he finally marched back into school, Person barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer. Caps his computer, Person would have a month's worth of work and learning to make up which would have been overwhelming. Also, Person of Organization says that students that communicate with their families during college have better relationshops after college. Obviously, being able to talk to some are over the computer is a useful thing to have. In conclusion, having a family computer is a very good thing. Not only does Caps allow people to learn about places other than their home, Caps also gives us more time and allow us to talk to other withour ever leaving the comfort on home. I recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer.