Dear Local Newspaper, I feel that negative effects of computers on people is much greater than the positive effects. Computers have caused a massive amount of obesity in the Location and that number is growing everday. Computers can also be time-consuming and people could spend hours and even days on a computer without doing anything else. Lastly, computers can be dangerouis to many kids and could even end up in death. I feel that xomputers are too harmful for society and should be stopped. Obesity is Caps of the biggest problems in the Location and is growing bigger everyday. Over percent of Location population is obese and computers have been a major conributer. Put yourself in the mind of a computerf addicy. It is dinner time and you are hungry, but you don't want to lose too much time off of your computer. You hurry down to the nearest fast-food store and by yourself a cheeseburger, fries, and a soda. You then go back to your house and eat the food while on your computer. Not only is the fast-food bad for you, but you dont even give your body a chance to burn Caps those calories and carbohydrates that you just ate by exercising. Computer addicts do this almost everyday and before they know it, they are. Num pounds! In addition, people who thier hand-eye coordination can do it in every other ways than just going on a Computers contribute to a large portion of the obese population, but they also can be extremely time-consuming. People on computers waste a huge amount of their timer. These people stay on thier computers for hours amd sometimes they dont even realize it. They say "Caps, let my check my email. Caps look, I recieved a Caps! Caps, let me just change my Caps acconut." Caps thing thing another and Caps of a madden, num or num hours have already passed by. People who stay on computers Caps day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love. Time is sao precious in our lives and we must not waste it staying o a computer Caps day. Not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous. Kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled Caps to computers. They show thier pictures on chat sites, give away too much information, and enough. They have a critical knocking on their front door. Also, those been who suicide because they were bulled on the Caps. Cyberbullying can be just as harmful. If not more harmful, than vregular bullying. These kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and num in school. In addition, there can be explicit content on the Caps, including pictures and video that can harm a child's young mind The danger of computer is so great than they should be Caps in Caps computers are too risky for whivh is why they shouldn't be a time consuming. Lastly they can be extremely dangerous to children. Because of these should be banned from Caps society for the well- using of the Location