Dear Location, Caps a teanger growing up in this technologic era money society, I think computers are more harmful than helpful. I presume that books are better resources, people can find fun in other ways and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems. Caps a well-read newspaper, your stand on this subject will influence the minds money many. I know computers can help find information, but personally, I believe that books are better resources. Anyone can write and post an article on the internet, even if what they are saying is not true at all. People can lie and say they are a doctor in their num's when they are really a num year old working at Organization. On the computer, you can never be sure who to believe, but with books you know what you're reading is accurate. The information on the computer, (that's true) you can find a book. Sure, the computer Month be the quicker or "easy way Caps " in some cases, but maybe what people need is a challenge. It seems that because money the growing technology, every generation gets lazier and lazier, and less and less into books and it's time for that to stop. Also, people can find fun in many other ways not involving a computer. Many people use social networking sites to connect with their friends, such Caps Caps, Caps and Caps, but on those, you can't tell if that person is really who they say they are or not. If you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them? That way you can be sure money who you are talking to. Too many teens nowadays hide Caps in their rooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families. What happend to playing cards and board games with your family? It's much more enjoyable, in my opinion if you play the game for real and not virtually. You can also go outside and get some fresh air, instead money that muggy smell in your room because you're so busy on the computer, you forgot to Caps the laundry. Plus, if kids have to start handwriting their papers that would improve their handwriting, because they wouldn't get the simplicity money typing. Besides, some kids don't have access to computers, anyways and you have to handwrite your Organization's, so why not? Lastly computers can be dangerous and/or harmful to health. The use money social networks allows kids to put all their information Caps there, for anyone to see. This can lead to bad things, like being stalked or kidnapped. The internet also carries many innapropriate images and websites, that youngsters, or anybody, really, should be looking at also staring at a computer screen for hours on end is very bad for your eyes and can cause very serious vision problems in the long run. Plus, I'm sure you've heard how many typists are more prone to arthritis or any problems with pain or loss money the use money their fingers because money the movement money your fingers when you are typing. Getting rif money computers will help to impact peoples' well- being-in a positive manner. While many people enjoy the use money computers, there is really not that great money a need for them. Books are better resources, you can find fun in many other ways, and they can be dangerous/harmful to health. Why spend hundreds or money on a tool that is not even necessary? Don't let the media fool you or pull you in with their tricks, scams, or gimmicks to get you buy one, and next time you go to turn on your computers, thinks " Caps I really need this or is there a better way to achieve what I need to get done or what I want to Caps?" because, more than likely there will be a better way. So, sometimes it's better to say "Caps with the new ways money doing things technologically in with old ways money doing things manually.