Dear Organization, Caps has come to Caps attention that certain members of our society believe that computers are not beneficial. This position comes from lack judgement and a closed mind. Computers are lifelines to buisness workers who use them to complete all of their work, these tools also enable news of disaster or weather to spread efficiently and effectively. These technological devices also create and sustain communication between family members and friends. In todays society computers are vital and getting rid of them would be like stopping oxygen from making its way to the body, being accompanied by multiple severe consequences. First and foremost, about percent of all modern companies require their employees to work on computers. These works of art aren't just handy-dandy toys , rather Caps essential to the working class Caps a # num pencil to a student taking a cut. Person, an owner of a small buisness, agrees. "Caps company designs software and uses computers num. Many of Caps employees work from home and have to own computers." The growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others. By ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences. Adults aren't the only ones whose jobs consists of computers. Nowadays students' homework is mostly online, computers decrease the amout of time needed to write an essay and are glare to students of all ages, Person, an eighth grades at Organization, is an example of this dilema. Every night she has at least three hours of homework and usually one hour be Caps requires a computer, however, this isn't a problem because Caps cuts back the time Caps takes for Person to do her homework. She can quickly type up an Caps essay or research a science topic instead of doing Caps painstakingly slow using an old fashion method. Moreover, computers are doors into the real world, especially for residents of Location. Whether some people like to believe Caps or not, Location is a bit of a sicludded area where people aren't aware of what is going on outside of their closed off town. Computers cause news to spread like electricity and open Location residents eyes to national and global problems Person, another student at Organization, states, " Caps the earthquake took place in Location Caps friends and I were all at lunch, Caps we came back to class Caps teacher was projecting the news via her computer onto the white board" Caps computers were taken away a stream of knowledge would be cut off from adults and children. Most importantly, computers create communication between friends and family calling up to talk to someone isn't always an option, so computers are the better choice. Families can connect with each other no matter Caps they have cell phone reception or what area of the world they are in, Person is a senior at Location Caps Organization who agrees. "Caps I go to college next year I am going all the way to Location and want to be able to talk to Caps family, via email and instant message I can contact them even Caps its inconvenient because they don't have to respond right away." Person brings up a good point computers serve the luxury of communication, which is vital to keep percent of healthy relationships, Caps shows a study at Organization. In conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued and not taken away. The are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world. Computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate. Therefore, I urge you, readers of the Organization, to raise your voice about the benefits of computers, so they aren't taken away from our society.