Dear newspaper, In my opinion, computers definetely have a negative effect on people. People who use computers often spend less time exercising. I mean, who would give up their chatrooms and games to get in shape? I remember when i was a little girl - about num years old, and i always wanted to be on the computer. I soon got chubby and gained about num lbs! I quickly realized the computer is a tool used only when necessary. because it shortens activity time. A survey done by the Organization (Caps) showed that percent of Caps between ages num are overweight because of their computer use. Famous singer Person says. "I keep going and losing weight because of computers! I will gain weight and then run it off and ignore the computer for a week." I know you might be thinking that computers dont make you obese if you use it sparingly, but research has proven that more than num mins a day can make you gain fat. Clearly, computers are to blame for our society's weight problem. Have you ever really seen nature's beauty? People who use computers don't! I mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate. the outside world. I remember when i watched the movie Caps last week, I thought to myself, "Caps, nature is amazing, why didn't I notice before?" I already know the answer. Computer, A survey conducted by num grade Organization, Person showed that num out of num Caps have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain. Famous physician, Person, "Caps that dont see nature for its true beauty often can't grow up normally. People were supposed to be naked to nature, but over the years, technology has diminished that connection." I know you Month that that Caps see enough of nature even with computers but more than often., Caps dont pay attention to nature. They are too busy with computers. Obviously, nature is ignored by society because of computers. Familes grow more and more detached every time a child or even adult uses a computer. I mean, every time you hit that on switch, you and the computer become attached. You can't focus on the people around you. I remember when my sister Person was in num grade, she never took her eyes off the computer. She would play solitore and instant message her friends all the time and she then completely disconnected with the family. A test done by Organization showed that teens will rebel num times more than usual with the aid of a computer. Famous talk-show host, Person says, "Caps shouldn't use computer, they will get detached from friends and family." I know you're thinking Caps dont get detached, but they di. Clearly Caps seperate from their friends and family because of computers. In conclusion, any far minded person can tell that computers have a negative effect on people because they consume exercise time, make Caps forget about nature, and seperate family and friends. Therefore, I urge you to not use computers!