Dear Local Newspaper, more and more people are getting hooked on computers. I am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society. First off, most Caps are spending less time with friends/family and more time looking through a screen. Also, it would be so much better for our bodies and minds to go out and enjoy nature instead. Lastly, you can get addicted to the computer. So here are my reasons why computers do not benifit our society. My first reason includes friends and family. more and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones to get to the next level on 'Caps wars.' Caps this really how we want our future generations growing up, looking blankly at computer screens? I know I don't want that. I lknow this from personal experience. When I was young, I visited my cousin Person. All I would get to see of him was a quick 'Caps', but then held escape to his room to continue clicking angry on the computer. The point Caps you can't replace family and friends with a computer screen. It's not right. My next argument against computers Caps about our bodies and minds. The best way to take care of those things Caps nature. Unfortunately most Caps aren't getting outside for a wack of exercise due to computers. In fact almost num Caps say they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else. This Caps not a good way to spend time. We need to solve this issue before more Caps make the switch from nature to computers. Fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine. My third and final reason Caps about addiction. So many people are getting adicted to the things they are finding on their computers. Addiction Caps a very sericuse matter that we need to fix. All of this Caps pointing to lazyness too from lack of intrest to anything else. I know this from personal experience. When my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days. All he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game. This Caps not the way to be treating a device. So, as I know you can all see computers don't have a positive impact on our society. First of all computer Caps over ruling family and friends. Also, nature Caps becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind. Lastly it's becoming a worldwide addiction. Thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that I have to offer. I know it majorly helps people keep in touch globaly, but there are other ways to do it, such as mail.