Dear readers of Organization, Caps people today are depating whether having a computer benefits society. Computer benefit society in Caps way like it could help the childer with thrie school work. Not Caps childern are very out going but if they had a computer thatn that will really help them. Not Caps kids have ways to find out what their going to be in live. I'm pretty sure they don't care right now but the computer will help them out. As you can see the computer can help society. Every childern who goes to school has homework since kindergarten to when they end school. The computer can help them with their math homeworks, thier science, and even their sosial studies homework. When your kids get older starting middle school they have to do reports & pajects that recuar knolige tobe able to write or do the paper. If your a and can't take your childern to the libarey to take out Caps books that could get lost and you would have to pay for something that has been but and is not ablt o use again. But the computer all of that to society. The compter can help the comuncation in so Caps ways. Caps kids like to go on Caps to chat and parents think that Caps is their world, but it could happen that they are aranging a group to for. Now a days their are a lot more shier people who are scared to Organization people and be friend. but now their could be a lot more depress. The computer could also help you because you could be late or unable to go to an apointment or to a meeting & you lot the Person in. This is a great way why computers help societey. In sociatey their are not a lot of people who now right away what they want to be when they grow up. If they us the computer and are really good at fixing them when the're broken that the ran be as computer Caps are so Caps beautful places that people take pictures of and up loud them into their computer. Some people don't see their talent until someone points it out to them. Caps people could be have a bad day and write a story out of it and send it to some of their friends, Caps their friend can send itto a publushers and make this Person Caps. As you can see their are so Caps great ways you can use the computer to help your sociatey. Readers the computer can help you in your school work. The computer can help the socitey communicat. It could also help people find their Caps. I think that the computer does a great Caps helping the sociatey.