Dear Caps Caps, I have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer. Please consider the following that computers have a negative effect on people. Furthermore, percent of parents agree with experts that Caps spend way too much time on the computer but less time with friends. Caps I was little I rarely ever went on the computer. But now my parents have to consult me to leave the computer multiple times. Ever since teens have joined Caps, myspace, and twitter, they are addicted to it and can't stop going on it to Caps what their friends are posting. Physcologist Person states, "Caps who are on the internet for multiple hours a day, can't concentrate in school because their minds are on what they've going to Caps on Caps they get home." Caps up, Caps, Caps Caps, Caps to school, get home, Caps Caps. This is the daily reutine of a teenager in the date. Secondly, going on the computer constantly can cause health problems. Num percent of teens who non-stop use the computer have to wear glasses or contacts, because of overusing the computer. Caps I use the computer without a break for multiple have I get a terrible headache because my eyes can't take any more of it. "Caps Caps stay up laye on the computer they are, have fatigue the next morning." Caps pediatrician Person and middle schoolers are very much the most popular users of the interner, because they are mostly very tired and Caps at school. People who stay up very late have very black saggy lines under their eyr, so if you see a person like taht they are a overuser of the internet. Most Caps who are very pole also never get to Caps outside Caps using the internet all the time. Lastly children are missing out on the beauty of nature. Caps who don't get enough excersize, cant think clearly becasue tehre is no oxygen in their brains. Obesity is begginning to tape a toll on children who only sit inside and Caps junkfood. Children who rarely Caps outside and excersize become overweight or obese. Percent of children instratford almost never Caps outside and excersize. As I was in elementary school, we had recess but now in middle school we never have it. The only chnace we have to Caps outside in the date and in the date Caps it's warm.