Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever thought about all the intresting things you can do on computers such as call people, order groceries, and read books for school. Today it seems like the world is held together by technology and I think computers are at number one. "Caps my older sister moved to Caps it was hard to keep intuch and see eachother, but we found out about Organization, which is a site where people all over can add people and chat, call, or webcam eachother, so we do that everyday and it's like she never left home." Person says about the internet site Organization. Caps sure Person and a lot of others love their computers. Studies show that num out of num people get more done in the day online Person says "everyday my day is shortened because my Caps because while at work I can order my groceries and have them delivered by four o clock Caps I arive home from work I can make doctor apt, school apts and schedul meetings all with one touch/click where ever I go, instead of looking on the calander or picking up the phone. Percent of couples today say they met online via twitter, facebook, myspace or aol. The internet is great for meeting new people because you Caps eachother and get to know one another or look at their profile pictures and things. You cand find peolple just like you online and after a while the two of you are friends. I have some of my best friends online through a mutual friend's page and it's a sucessful friendship today. Even schools took education to the web, with all books from a class avalible at home online. Students can even check grades online now and recieve comment from teachers. So now students are pushed to use the web at home and at school. I hope I have opened your mind a little to understand the internet is not all bad, and people spend so much time on them now because everything has moved to the web like school, stores, food, even tv you name it the web has it. Personaly I spend about an hour or two on the web chating, studying, watching tv. After I might go walk or play my Caps but i'll still conected to the web because the Caps picks up on wi-fi connections. So I think computers let you open up and connect with others and get other things done on the web. I hope by now you feel the same