Dear Person, Caps a “home on your town; all you hear is, “mom, mom , mom drive me to the library to get books”. You see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money. Is this what you want every home to start looking like? Computers have a great affect on people seeing as it allows people to talk and interact with one another. You can learn about places you’ve always wanted to go to and it is probably the device that makes your life easiest. For these reasons computers are what benefits society most. First of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel. I know I have relatives who are too poor to pay the high costs of phone bills that come their way when we need to talk this means that not everyone can afford talking on a phone, but a computer costs nothing to use. Also, in the Organization issue num, date num a recent poll showed that percent of people who own computer use it to talk instead of on a phone. I know some people say that computers are too time consuming, but if this many people use computers to talk, there’s no need to worry about paying phonebills. Also, Person a Caps of Organization says that less people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chatting. This shows that friends and families stopped paying massive phonebills and just talked online. Furthermore, just from using a computer anyone can find facts about lands halfway across the Location. What’s more is that they can be in the bedroom or room. A boy name Caps Person who attends Organization said that he always wanted to go to when he was little and was as when he looked up Location and facts and pictures on the web. Also, Person a teacher at Organization Organization task a poll asking how many students did projects having to do with foreign countries and percent of them they did. That means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it. It shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands. Last but not least, computers are just about the convenient thing to have in a recent poll done by Organization showed that percent at people would rather have a computer than a car that just shows the important computers are. Also, I used to think computers were bad for you and everything, but when I received one for my num birthday, I found out how useful they were. Many people say computers are time comsuming because they haven’t used one yet. Also did you know that million people use a computer that’s more than half their population and such a poor country? That shows her important computers are and how convenient. All and all, now Caps have if happy residents, laughing on the computer they do because computers allow them to talk with friends learn and visit foreign countries and are so convenient person and readers computers withour a doubt benefit society.