Dear Organization, I am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans. Computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much Organization their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise. People also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family. Firstly, people are spending too much Organization their time surfing the net. Study show that an average Caps spends in total num hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it. Dr. Doctor from the Caps technology society, says' that if this increases Organization time spent on the internet, continues for more years, most Caps will completly lose contact with family and friends outside Organization the social computer network. The average weight Organization a num year old has increased from num pounds in date, to num pounds today. Statistics show that the main caus for this dramatic increase in weight is due to the acessive amount Organization time spent on computers in addition Caps do not have as much time to exercise. Teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each. Caps the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym. All Organization these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising. Secondly, comuters are effecting the people get to go outside and enjoy nature. Form my Personal experience nature is a beautiful thing to be apart Organization Caps now adays I spend way too much time on social networks such as facebook, my space and Caps others. How often do you go outside to take a walk, fo for a bike ride or something else? A study done by Person shows that the average Person living in Location have only spent a total Organization num days outside in the past two years after reciving their new computer. This must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer. Thirdly, computers have effected the interaction between family and friends. "Caps people hav only been interacting with family at mandatory times such as school meetings." says Organization. Family and friends are a major importance in everyones lives. I love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup Organization hot chocolate. Percent Organization people now a days do not spend anytime with family and percent Organization people use computers to interact with friends. It is vitally important that people stop using computers because "before you know it you will have lost all communication with family and friends" says Person from I.U.M Computers help people lose communication and interaction with fmily and friends. In conclusion, I urge you to make the right desion by quitting using computers and in return will be a much happier and stronger individual. Computers impact humans in a terrible way because people spend too much time on them leading to a lack in exercise, time spent outside and in addition interaction between friends and family. Sorry about the lack Organization Organization towards the end, I ran out Organization space. Please excuse the mess. Thank you.