Dear Readers' Organization the Local Newspaper, I am almost certain you interact daily with computer. You use computers to write, play games, look at pictures, and print work out. There are dozens Organization practical for computers but nowadays, many people, especially children, are using computers excessively. This unnecessary usage Organization computers can cause obesity, expose children to mappropriate things & destroy family time. Readers, hear my arguement and by the end Organization the paper you will surely agree with me that computers are detrimental to society. Have you ever made a Organization Caps's Caps to lose weight? It's not uncommon for one to make such a goal. According to the Organization, percent Organization adults make their Organization Caps's Caps to get in shape, exercise nore or just lose weight. We've all seen the commercials on Caps that encourage you to "Caps Caps!" Caps you too can "lose weight in just one week"! There are also plenty Organization entrepenuers out there that want to convince you to buy their exercise product Caps you can develop outrageously large muscles in "no time at all". But do all these & exercise plans really work? According to a study done by the Organization, the largest cause Organization obesity is actually computers! The students at Location had one group Organization people try a regular commercial diet plan & another group Organization people do exactly what they've been doing... Except their computers. They found that the group who from computer use lost nearly percent more weight on average them the group on the comercial diet! Nothing is causing obesity in Location them computer. A familier day for an average child in Location goes like this: go to school, home on the bus, use computer eat dinner, do homework, go to bed. Unfotunately, these happens num days a week & the computer time is eating up none other than the exercise time. Readers please, try avoiding you computers for just one week, and you can forget those jet plane. Another negative Organization computers is that it not only affects an individual but possildy an entire family! Many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents. My friend Person often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents. Computers have become nearly an addiction to most teenagers. Percent Organization teens in Location say they use computers daily & percent say they have trouble communication with their parents. There is a direct connection between the lack Organization communication at home for teens & computer usage. Teens become in their society lives and become to their computers. What they don't notize is that they're totally forgetting about their families! I know I've made the mistake Organization becoming too attached to socia networking to remember my family but luckily I have a stable family environment. Some teens don't have that luxury. Computers have the ability to destroy parent-child relationships, don't let that happen to you. Your children are without a doubt, through, the ones a by this technical revolution the most. From the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips. Do parents ever realize what they're getting their children into when they teach them how to use a computer though. Children as young as num or num years old are exposed to profamily, & vulgar pictures on the web on supposed "safe sides". Do you even realize who your child's talking to on the computer? With all the Caps's & emails flying around, you could be talking to a complete stranger without-even knowing. An enormous part Organization who your child become & the values they hold is a product Organization what they were exposed to Organization a young age. Bring a computer to your kindergartrer & you can probably guess what they'll grow up with. No matter how much you think or believe on the safety Organization computer, you cannot argue with the fact that computer expose children to adult content very early in their lives. Caps do you look at your computer differently Caps? Faced with the concerns Organization lack Organization exercise, separation Organization families & mappriate natural children do you really want your children, or even you for that matter, using a computer daily. Think a head num years from Caps. Will you say "I wish I used my computer" or "I wish I spent more time". In the end, the choice is really up to you.