Dear local newspaper, Caps opinion Caps as to why some people support advances in technology belive that computers have a positive effect on people is that I disagree. Some people dont even get enough sleep if they stay up too late on computers. Also they spend less time exersizing and less time interacting with family and friends. Thos are Caps reasons as to why I disagree. In this paragraph I am going to tell you about why I think that people should Caps other things than going on the computer all night. If they wake up in the morning and start being grumpy dont blame them the computer had them stay up late. Would you rather get a good nights rest or be extra tired in the morning because you stayed up too late on the computer? Well once I stayed at Caps friends house and she was up on the computer all night she didnt even get any sleep. In the morning she was soo grumpy because she was soo tired. Caps languege arts teacher "Person" says that "Caps up late on the computer all night isnt healthy because you get bugs under your eyes and youre sleepy. I mean theres a whole lot of side effects." Num out of percent of parents agree with me and Caps first reason. In this paragraph I am telling you Caps second reason as Caps why I disagree which is less time excersizing. (Caps the parents) Caps you realy want your kids to be lazy and on the computer all days or Caps you want your kids to excersize and get healthier? Caps friends kids always are on the computer everyday all the time and thats not verry healthy Caps them especialy because they're young. So a couple of weeks ago I talked to them about being active and how its not good to be on the computer alot. Now they bearly go on the computer they always are outside and playing and running around. Caps science teacher Person says that "Caps excersize is better than doing anything non active also it can be fun. Num out of percent of kids agree with Caps science teacher Person. In this paragraph I am going to explain to you why I think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer. If you were in your familys shoes Caps you think that they would rather have you come hang out with them or be on the computer? When I was younger Caps family used to have to yell at me to get me off the computer so I could hang out with them but finaly a day come when I got to understand their family pain. Caps mom says that "I should hang out with Caps family and friends more often." Num out of percent of Caps family members and friends agree with Caps mom. Caps Caps conclusion I disagree with the Statement "Some people support advances and technology belive that computers have a positive effect on people." Caps reason as Caps why is that people arent Caps enough sleep, less time excersizing, and less time interacting with friends and family.