Dear local Newspaper, Caps would you like to be warmly greted by the zingbobway tabe Organization Location, say hi to a far away family memorr again or maybe quicker your relfexes? Well you can! Computers are a use ful way Organization complexing an Organization these tasks. Imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away. Wouldn't you want to see them at least once? Computers allow you to interact with them with webcams. You can see them and talk with them. Not only can you talk with family, you can talk to friends. You can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house. You can have a new best friend every day! Not only can you talk to people on computers, they give you better hand eye coordination, and they quicken your raflexes. Dr. Person, Organization,. says "Caps have shown that people who type or use a computer have better reflexes than those who don't." Caps a computer around is easier for school also I remember one time, I had to write a num page paper for Caps and it was due the next day. I wrote the beginning Organization it and my hand started to cramp up. I had in finnish my paper soon so I ran to my computer and typed it in half the time I would've spent writing it. I also got a good hand-eye coordination . Not only do you type on it, you learn on it. Num out Organization num computers are used for learning about place and people. Say you just won num free tickets to go anywhere in the world with a celebrity at your choosing! With a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days Organization your life. And even if you don't like actually going to other places, you can virtually go there on a computer. With computers you can see the Caps Caps Organization Location, the tropical reef fish Organization or the Organization at the. Computers hold the world at your finger lips. So as you can see computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to interact with cites, increase your hand-eye coordination, and allow you to have the world at your fingertips. So stop reading and use a computer!