You Month find this hard to beleive, but many people think computers put a negative attitude on people. Now you Month be saying thats not true, that everyone has a computer, but the truth is they don't and they believe it puts negative attitude on people. People have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends. Did you Caps some people own computers because they want to stay in touch with friends from differnt States who live far away. For example, many people use Caps or Caps to connect with friends. I can make a connection because I have both a Caps and Caps that I use to stay in contact with family friends from all over. Some people, like myself, even have friends from different countries! I Caps that many people want to learn about people from differnt countries and this is one way to do it right now I am learning some new things about the Location because I am friends with someone who lives in Location. While on this wonderful adventure of learning you Month even get yourself into a vacation adventure. A recent test was taking stating that num out of num people like to travel but don't Caps where. Some people say that people spend to much time on the computer but not enough enjoying nature.These people are wrong if one is on a computer and they are chating with someone from a differnt State or country then that Person might persuade them to take a visit there. For example they would be able to go to the internet type in the place they want to visit and get photographs and information about the place. As a result, people would still get to enjoy nature. Sometimes using the computer could be educational. Many people Month disagree with that Statement but its true. For example when on the computer many people in their senior year of high school use it to take online college courses to get their degree because going to a regular college Month affect their work scheduale. This could also help students in any grade learn more about the topic they are studing. It would also help them on their reports. For example they would be able to get pictures and other information anytime they wanted to. As a result, the students grades would increase. I hope many of you agree with my Statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive on the mind. As a result for those who didn't agree with the Statement that they are positive not negative I hope that you will redecide on your opion.