Dear Caps Caps Caps, Caps you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere. A map of the town compouters everywhere the State, the country, and even the world all you see are computers everywhere. Caps need to shut down these computers so Caps can start excersising, enjoying nature, and interacting with our families. It's times to finally help the world soldiers. Men, Caps you look around what do you see. Nothing but obesity. These so called computers are causing this why, look over there. There's Caps. He used to weigh over num pounds. All he did was use that blasted electrical error Caps call a computer. One day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise. After only a year Caps just wayed num pounds. You see, a man named Person, who's a Doctor, computer expert, and wrote their books on exercise, nature and family, says, " Caps people would shut off their computers and use the gym, over percent of Location's obesity would drop. "Caps must stop the madness men. Soldiers, do you know what's really a share about the enemy Caps're fighting? It's causing people to miss out on this beautiful nature. You know Person says that over percent of people will never go in nature Caps they get a computer. They don't know what their missing out on. I can picture it now the freshly plump hanging from the full bush of soring green. The mosuelous waterfall that shines Caps it off into a creek.The full dark scenary majestic. Lets not forget the lalaby of the crickets and owls putting you in a deep slumber under the staggering oak trees. This, soldiers, is what Caps need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics. Men, do you want to know the solders part of this war? The hostages of the computer can't even sped time with their families. They're so busy on Caps, Caps, and other death comps that the real things important our alone. My friend Person was one of the captives of the computer. He escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party. Ever sence then, Person has put his family before anything. Other families arn't us lucky though. In fact have Person says that percent of families with copmuters have no communication and end up splitting up. The computers have gone to far now. Not only did they mess up people's lives, but their family too. This was must end now. Do you see our future now? It's filled with the computers on top. Caps're their slaves Caps Caps come at their call. They won't let us excersise to shape, see the beatiful lands of nature,or spend time with our families so Caps can keep it together. This is why Caps're fighting this is why were here will you join us?