Computers definitely have a positive impact on society. They help organize your thoughts, which stress. So, they contain many inspirational articles which can convince kids to strive for surless. Lastly, when all else fails, the computer can be a great way to relax and clear your mind. Computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress. Imagine you working on a project in school. Everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want. In addition, you Month also block the programs that you don't want. This device is called the computer, and it's changed Location's society for the better. On average, num out of num Caps suffer from stress. Now if you organize your thoughts on the computer, and are able to look through them again at why a huge alleviated. Instead of worrying thoughts you Month or Month not remember, you now have confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts right on your Caps. Reduced stress trading to confidence effect on society. Also, the computer contains articles that Month insure our children to strive for their goals. Once child read an article Person, Organization book. As an num using Person as well in school. By games, I observe how into Caps since I started seeing Person as role model to me, high making a stride for a Caps.O Caps. Where did this inspiration come from? Researching Person on the internet. The internet, in this instance, obviously had a positive impact on Caps society. Lastly, when all else fails, you can rely on the computer to make stressful situations seem less overwhelming. If you have the ability to solve a problem, then why can't you solve it? Often times, the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming. If you take a break go on you Month relax simple games put out a variety of websites. Now say you came back and attack the problem again. You continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming. Thank you computer gods! The computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an Caps society. So as you can tell, computers make a strong, positive impact on Caps society.