Dear Local Newspaper, everday Caps technology is developed. One of the biggest and most popular machines in the technocle society is, the computer. Some people don't like computers. The think computers are ruining social skills and healthy bodys. The reason I'm writing to you is to presuade those people to realize the greatness that lies inside a computer. For starters computers help us recive/give Caps. One of the great featurs that computers give is email. Without email, we would be completley out of the loop. For example Caps there is a snowday at your childs school, you recive an email from the usper intendent saying school si cancled. Without that email, we woulden't be able to know that Caps. Another example, Caps say that you lost your voice to a terrible cold. You don't feel good and need to call work to report being sick. Now you're stuck because you have no voice. Caps you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss. Another posative tool computers gives us is making communicating esayer. With all of the social networking now avalible like Caps, twitter , Caps and yahoo messanger. It nearly impossible not to stay in contact with friends and faimly using Caps, you can look up old friends and faimly. Once youve found them, you can friend request them and become online friends. Once youre online friends you can instant message, video chat, look at their status, and browse their photos. So with a computer Caps nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch. The last and final reason computers are great is because, they make shopping much esayer. Caps you have used amazon, ebay or overstock, you know what I'm talking about you can buy almost anything online. From electronics to Caps animals. The list is endless. With a computer you can even get your house hold groceries online. For example Caps say your home from work with explosive diharrea. But Caps date so you need to go grociery shopping. You've been on the toilet percent of the day and alls youve got is your laptop. Well you can shop online. So as you can see computers help us communicate, shop and get and recive Caps.