Dear local newspaper, Computers have a lot of affects on people. Some affects are it takes away from family and friends, you don't really have a social life and you don't get enough excersise. Computers take away from friends and family time. I did an interview yesterday with Person; and I asked," Caps you go over your grandmas house what do you usually do?" Caps said, "I usually use the computer." Caps do you want to use the computer while your their? your with your family your supposed to spend time with them. Play a game like monopoly, or play Caps. Those are fun and great way to interact with your family. If your family member doesn't have those games bring them! People think that because there is facebook, aim, e-mail, and myspace that your interacting with friends. You really aren't. I asked my friend Person what Caps thought of those things and Caps said "They are great interacting websites." They really aren't. They are websites on the computer. While you are on the computer your not really maintaing a social life. Your town holds activites or has a fun place you could too. Your town Month have a gym, community center, or a library. Go their and hangout with friends interact with them. Go to school, goto the library, and hang out with friends are great ways to interact with people. People don't think about Caps your sititng in your computer chair and Caps. While your sitting in the chair your not excercising, Caps you keep Caps your gaining weight. You might get fatter Caps your stuffing your face wih cheez- itz and not excersising I asked Person a question it was what do you do while your on the computer? Caps said "I eat.." Caps isn't bad, but Caps your not really paying attention you eat more than you need. Your town has rec leaguges of sports such as Caps, softball, and baseball. Join a team instead of playing on the computer and Caps. Get Caps! Computers aren't the greastest things in the world. You don't stay fit with them, you aren't very social, and you don't really spend time with your family. Computers don't really help you grow up, and be mature for the future.