Dear local newspaper, Caps you imagine a world without computers? Well I Caps't because I think computers are great. First of all if you have a computer you Caps meet new people. Second you Caps do projects on them or homework if you need to. Lastly in a computer you Caps basically find out anything you want to know. Read ahead and discover why I think computers are great. Who doesn't like meeting new people, because I do. If you wanted to get new friends or find anyone who go to your school and you might not now you Caps look them up on your computer. Also if you had nobody to talk to one time you Caps go on the computer and try to meet new people. I know I do that all the time. Lastly it doesn't hurt anymore to make friends or talk to people online. it's actually fun once you try it. So that's why I think one reason that computers are great is because of the people you meet. Second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer Caps help. My science teacher always wants assignments printed and how Caps I do that with out a computer. Also if one day you forgot your homwork or any assignments just ask a friend online of if you have a school website look on it. Therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed. My last reason is because on a computer you Caps pretty much look for anything. For example, say you wanted to find a place to go to and you didn't have a adress or anything, you Caps always check on the computer. Also if their is a problem or something with you house, car, bills, or anything you Caps always see if you Caps get any hekp on internet. Lastly if you wanted to buy anything and you could't find it any stare you Caps just get it online. So basically like I said you Caps do anything. In conclusion I think omputers have a great effect on life. First you Caps meet how people or friends. Second you Caps do projects or homework. Lastly you Caps basically do anything on a computer. So that's why I think computers are great and they Caps help alot in life instead of hurting anyone.