Dear editor, Caps do you do all day? The answer to that would probably be sit down in front Organization a computer all day. My friends say that this is very unhealthy, research as proven it and my mom has had experience with the computers. This just isn't healthy for our envierment and people. Percent Organization my friends say that computers are a waste Organization time. Most people who interact on the computer all day don't have a stable diet or even a good excersice ruinte. They say that all the junk kids and grown-ups acumulate in their daily life is unhealthy and will never go away unless they get up. They also say that without excersice our country will be filled with over weight people. Dr. Organization has done extensive research and has proven that computers are bad for you. Person has gone all over the country to talk to people, and he specifically stresses that more people should get out and enjoy the nature but, no their sitting in front Organization a computer which is not good for them. He's taught people that percent Organization the time if you get out and have fresh air your life will be so much better. My mom has had experience with computers and asures me that when she was younger you couldn't just sit there and not get out. She says that it's important to interact with your family and friends so you keep a stable relationship. Talking to your family will keep them intact with Caps's going on in your life and hanging out with your friends will help with having more Organization a life without your household. She says any kid who does sit in front Organization a computer all day should be disappointed Organization themsleves. Editor you've done a wonderful job since you've taken the job! So, I feel that if you stress the point in your next newspaper about not having computers all the time you should always excersice like my friends say, the research as taught to enjoy your nature and my mother says to interact with your family and friends. I'm sure your next article will be a wonderful dream to people stating facts.