Dear Local Newspaper, I think that computers have a very positive effect on people. Caps reasons are that they can educate Caps, they make things easy, they are enjoyable. Below, I will explain each reason. Firstly, its very educational. Computer are like a giant resource of information. Many teachers Month direct their students online Caps learning purposes. Also, alot of people go online to research information Caps their school, job, or a project. Great websites that are packed with information, like Organization, can only be accessed using a computer. Caps example imagine having to do your research using only books, but you live far Caps a library. The internet makes that research very easy, as you access to Caps any time! Secondly, they make things very easy to do. Computer provide people with many easy, convieniant ways to do many tasks. If there werent any computers in the world. don't you think that interacting with people around the world would be challenging? Almost all of the Caps/Caps in the Location like Person's, Organization, or Person's have an online website to aid shoppers & they even allow them In buy things online, which is way more easy than going by car. I remember a time when I wanted to by something Caps a store all the way in Location I went online at home and bought Caps there! Also, Caps makes things like ordering Caps, getting plane tickets, getting help alot much easier & Caps saves time! Thirdly, computers are very enjoyable! They provide alot of Caps things to do! Caps example if you are bored you can get on computer, & search Caps a game you enjoy. There is always a game you'll like. On of all of that, you enjoy Caps by talking to your friends and Family. You stay in touch, while enjoying their company. Another good thing that people enjoy about these computers is because they can send things to one another, lightining Caps because of email. Imagine that you don't have a phone, and you wanted to tell your husband that is away on a business trip, that you son is very sic. If you send Caps by mail, Caps take at least num days. By email, only a couple minutes so, you can see that computer also can provide some Caps of safety Caps everybody! So, as you can see computers have a very positive effect on people Caps ways that they do this is that they are educational & they help Caps learn. They make things like ordering Caps, getting tickets, or contacting helpl very easy Caps, they are very enjoyable, Caps playing Caps games, to staying in touch with your Friends and Family. Don't you think that without computers we'd probably suffer? I think computers have a great effect on people