Dear Location Caps, I strongly believe that people should cut down on using the computer. Just imagine, more people outside and healthy. Less “cyberspace” bullying, and less burning of electricity. My first reason why people should spend less time on the computer and more outside is because percent of people that use the computer more than two hours a day are either at risk of being overweight or are overweight. Also, Person, from Organization says “Caps people believe that using the computer gives you benefits, but they don’t. They increase your chances of either being overweight or getting diseases such as diebeties. It’s imperative that the community takes action to stop this from happening. “In addition, my neighbor, Person had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teenagers. Caps told me that percent of the num people Caps interviewed said they don’t go outside and use the computer for about num hours a day! I implore the citizens of the Location area to cut down on internet time and go outside to enjoy nature. My second reason is the less people on the computer means less cyberspace bullying. Num out of num people that use the socializing websites have experienced more than num encounters of cyberbullying also my sisters friend, Person, overdosed on advil so Caps ran comitt suicside because of cyber bullying. Someone had said Caps was ugly, smelled and should "go die in a hole." Caps didn't tell anyone about this. Luckily her mother brought her to City Organization fast enough to be put on life support for num hours. furthermore, if people cut down on internet socializing website than less people will be in danger of cyberbullying affecting their lives. It's excruciating imperative for people to use the computer for only num or num hours a day. My final reason is, the less time you use your computer the less money you would be wasting on electricity bills and spending more time on family vacations. Dr. Doctor, from the peabody museum in Location begs people to use less electricity and power on the internet so the environment can slowly rebuild itself to be what it was before technology and electricity was invented. In addition, percent of power used in todays homes is used on computers. Also my grandmother is astounded by what todays technology is doing to the environment and the people behind this madness or electricity. Caps believes that the less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends. Lastly, it's extremly imperative that people stop using computers as much to help their health their self estem and environment. A case take action to stop using computer num. Thank you for reading my paper.