Newspaper, I feel that the use of computers is no big deal. it is a convienient way to communicate, it teaches young adults and adults social and life skills, and is no different than other addictions. These three reasons are why I feel the Organization is under-appreciated. My firsty reason why I feel that the Organization is under-appreciated is that some people think that less time is spend with family, but I talk to family, and friends everytime on the Organization. It is a conveinient, fast, and for the most part safe way of communicating. When I need help with something, I sit at the Organization and fb chat someone, or if their not on, I e-mail them. I get my answer within a day. Also you can look up the answer online, the internet is a beautifully smart device. Also if you call someone versus chating on the Organization you Month have no idea who they are, it is also much easier to trace a call then trace a Organization to a certain location. Communication is faster, safer, and more conveinient over the Organization. My second reason for being num is that it can help teach said and life skills. For example, did you know that on average, an adult will make money more if they know how to type good, and fast? The Organization serves many functions. Facebook, for example, is a social network, amny young adults can learn basic social skills by having a facebook. Social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time. If you have good social skills, your boss Month like, and apreciate you more. Which can only lead to a promotion! Computers are very nifly to have around! my third, and final reason, for believing, with all respect, that num people are blinded, is that people don't easily get addicted to the Organization. It is very hard to become addicted to the Organization. Only about percent of facebook users are addicted. Compared to an alcohol addiction, about percent, or drug addiction, percent, Organization addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly. The only similarity between the Organization, and other deadlier addictions is that they are addicted, and Month become grumpy if asked to stop. "Organization addiction can be cured with a speedy recovery, and as long as you are on for an hour or less a day, there is nothing to worry about" says Person, at the num.) Caps there you have it, computers use is not a major problem. It is a conveinent communication device, an effective way to learn social, and life skills, and is no huge major source of addiction. Caps there is nothing to worry about. Sit back and look it up on the internet if you don't believe me.