Dear newspaper, I have heard you are creating an article on if computers are helpful or non helpful to society. I find computers as a great addition to society because they play a big role in jobs around the country and in addition display accessible information to the Caps Caps? Imagine how computers have helped shape the Organization, do you want to give this blessing up? Computers have proven to be a big role in job profiles all over the world. Just think Organization a sales person for instance. Sales people need their computer to store data, like on Organization. By the way a study was put into place by the Caps Caps to find out how many jobs find it neccessary to have computers, and the results showed that percent Organization jobs in Location need to use computers. Dr. Doctor, a computer programmer at to go industries, mentioned on the Caps Caps that "computers show up sometime in everyone's life whether they like it or not, especially in jobs". If you think about it, people that work with computers have less trouble calculatir or storing data than citizens without computers. Just think Organization computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard. Students love having access with information around the world. I bet that percent Organization people would agree with me, don't you think? Students around the world for example Month need to research information for a topic in class. A Caps at Organization in Caps mentioned that, "I prefer using the internet for research in Organization. It's much more fast than looking through books, and people around the earth place opinions online instead Organization a book with a few authors." Caps day Person was in the library with the rest Organization his class, assigned to researching his topic in a book. He read five books and only got a half Organization a page Organization notes for his assignment. The following day he was allowed to work on the Organization computer and got three pages Organization notes. "I was so releived to log on to the internet", Person reported to me. A survey was set up by the Caps foundation to see if students prefer computers over books and percent said yes. Do you want students Organization all ages to participate in researching on the machine they favor most? Well I dearly hope your answer benefits the children in Location. From young students to adults, computers have become a favorite machine Organization modern day technology. Computers are a magnificent part Organization society. Month I remind you that computers benefit many jobs in Location and in addition aid students by showing information about everything there is to know. I sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter. What is your vision on computers today?