Dear Organization Caps Caps, Computers are beginning to be a problem in many households. I feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers. People like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside. In Caps article I have recently read in the Organization, it was about Caps experiment on computer use. Dr. Person, a Caps professor Stated that his findings showed that people who are addicted to computers only leave their homes to run errands. When this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight. Furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier. Percent of the study's patients started to be more joyful once they stopped going on the computer as often. I like when the people around me are happy, not grouchy, don't you? I have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight. These are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday. This is very bad for your health and body. If someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat. Moreover, statistics show that percent of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day. If people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition. Last week, Caps Caps num intervied num year old Person. Person's best friend has been ignoring Person because he got a Organization computer. Now, Person's friend doesn't want to hang out with Person, or any of his other friends. In addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more. When people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life. This can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside. As you can clearly see, computers Month have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages. Addicted compuer users become less social, they don't go outside and start to "pack on the pounds." Caps effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight.