I walked into my living room. I saw my brother on the computer talking to his friends on facebook. I thought to my self he's always on the computer never for any school reason. People always says we don't need computers I Personaly agree with the Statement. In the town Organization everybody mostly has computers. Without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank. Just the other date my friend Person went to the library and checked out a book about the Caps culter. He loved that book he read it date in and date out, he read it for a book report on different culters. When he handed it into the teacher the date, when he reached the classroom the teacher looked Caps happy when she gave him back his test he had an num. He didn't use the internet your computers not mobile like a book if you wanted to learn about something while your traveling in you car you can't plug your computer in and use it unlike a book. Also books are usually funnier to read. Not haveing a computer can conclude to a lot more things like exercising. While my brother is inside all date me and my friends are outside playing football, basketball, baseball, soccer, kirkball, and dogeball. We are very thin because Caps what we do almost every date. Unlike my brother were he is obeast because Caps all he done were before he had the computer he was as thin as us. It is also unhealth to be on the computer all date because that can lead to staying update at night, don lead to missing the bus, and also lead to bad grades. Where when we are done with are gaine we whatch a little t.v.. then go to sleep to regain our energy we usually have atleast num hrs. of sleep ever date which lets us make it through school. We also make the right choses in food to eat to have more energy such as fruit and vegitibales. Were my brother eats all the junk food which helped lead to obesity. Not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family. When we go out to eat my brother is always in a push to get back on to the computer dosen't let us enjoy our food. He usually is Caps much in a rush he picks off of other people's Caps they would be finished faster, when every one wants to enjoy then food. When we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer. Even if we buy a movie and whatch it at home he won't whatch it with us he's on the computer. It really makes my mom, dad, brothers, and sisters mad that he won't do any thing but play on the computer. Even when are whole family gose out side to play a sport he won't come out and play. It's like he's not part of the familiy anymore. Its like he forgot we were even Caps the reason why I think computes should be in the State of Location. If can lead to and relly bad grades. Caps if you want your kids healthier, better grades, and spend more time with your family then ethier sell your computer or This is happening all over the world.