Dear Local Newspaper, I think Computers have a positive effect on people because it helps their education,you can talk to family and friends, and you can get better hand-eye corrdination. Read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effect. Caps first reason that computers are positive is that it can help you with your education. I mean come on, how many college students do you see without a laptop? You see none. Am I right? You always need a computer because you have to type eveything, and do research for big essay papers. People think "we'll, there's always the library?" Caps your wrong. Caps local library closes at time pm. I'm sure college students are yo way later than time doing homework. Just imagine, late at night, num pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay due tomorrow. What are you going do? Caps, you better get yourself a laptop before the next giant essay comes! Caps, even if you did go to the library, who wants to log all of your books down stairs, and drive to the library and then finally get there and realize you forgot something. Thats just a waste of time! Next, computers are positve because you can talk to your friends and family. For one it saves a load of money because email doesn't cost anything! I have a Organization! email and I don't pay a cent for it! With a cellphone you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every Month. Did you know the average american spends atleast #num each Month on cellphones? It's out Caps, what if you never see a certain family member? I know Caps cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in Location Caps. So, she got a webcam, and now everyday they talk, and her dad gets to see the baby. They think the they always talk about everything day, and other things. After, I have just said all these wonderful things, you look someone in the eyes and then than that computer don't help people. For Caps final reason, computers are positive because you could gain hand-eye corrdination, Caps brother, Person, loves, and I mean obssesive love, loves video games. He's addicted to them! He can't stop playing them, and I dont mind at all. I dont mind because now he can chew gum, jotdown ideas for his essay, think about whats he's gonna have for lunch, and play a video game. How's that for multi tasking! Caps, you will be healthier. Think about it, better reflexes, better hand-eye, better and happier Doctor! I mean seriously, if you play computer games you can have fun while knowing your going to make your Doctor happy. And who do sent want to move your Doctor happy! For Caps conclusion, computers have a positive effecton you because they help your education, talk to your friends and family, and have better hand-eye corrdination. Tell me right now that computer don't help people. I know, you can't because computers help us in so many ways.