Dear Caps times, Caps you think computers benefit society? Well I think so! There are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful. Many citizens in our own community of watertown think computers are a great resource for many things while others disagree with this completely. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet, also you can interact with your friends and family, and lastly there are many applications used for business. On both a computer and the internet there are more than num million things you can learn. When you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource. You can quickly open Caps.com and search any topic at any time. For example, if you did not know a conversion it is easily found on the internet. Another thing you can be taught or informed about is news. There are websites such as nytimes.com and cnn.com that give you daily news. I Personally use these websites weekly. On the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to. When my family was planning our trip to Organization in Location we used the computer constantly. In the end, computers can teach you many things. Secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways. These include social networking websites, webchat and email. Social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past. Websites that were created for this include: facebook, myspace, and twitter. These free websites let you add friends, send messages, and post pictures. Web chatting is a way to video people. You can Personally see someone from acroos the Organization from your webcam. Lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people. You can write a visual letter to one of your friends. In conclusion, the computer is one excellent way to interact. Lastly, the computer is used for business. An application called microsoft office is used in countless bussinesses, microsoft office word, powerpoint, excel and Caps. Each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products. Microsoft is something you should download in the near future. Business also use webchatting, as I previously State, for conference calls. A production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them. This makes it much easier than to fly half way across the Organization. Finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business. Work sites such as Caps companies use computers to control their machines. I know that the Organization factory uses computers in their factory due to the fact that I watche the show unwrapped about them on Caps Caps. In the end computers are a necessary item in a business. In conslusion, computers have a great affect on people. The can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know. Also, connect humans with each from half way across the Organization. Lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet. Also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business. If I were an expert I would have nothing to worry about concerning computers. They are a magnificent thing. Caps you have the same belief and understanding as me?