Dear Local Newspaper, Caps I have found that many experts say that computers do not benifit our society. In some cases this is true but in most cases studdies show that computers can help people. While nothing beats talking in Person computers can get really close such examples are webcams or e-mail. Percent of students who get good grades refer to reliable websites for reasearch or to help find good books. Also online catalouges or advertisments help the economy of stores worldwide. People were not allowed to use computers most of the modern would not exist. Person said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper! Almost every single event i go to is planed on a computer by communication such as e-mail "Caps a student ever needs homework because lam out sick or needs help studying for a test then contact their teacher through the best form of communication for them always e-mail. Even the post office uses computers to get letters and boxes to people. The president of the post office, Person said "Caps would be imposible to get mail to our coustmers Caps Caps were not for computers telling us where a zip code is or how heavy a box is." Caps that tell people what is happening around the world would not exist Caps Caps were not for the moder communication abilities that computer provid us. Because information can be commucated so quick. so can reasearch. When the country of Location took a pole percent of people used computer for any type of reasearch, of those percent were students currently in school and percent of them have good grades. When the same survey was taken in the Location percent of people used computers fore reasons and percent were students who had good grade Caps Caps were not posible for me to access documents in the Caps Caps online I probably would not have gotten an A+ on my Caps assignment! Could you amagine Caps suddenly your Newspaper reporters couldn't use the internet to work on their reports? The articles would probably be num after the events occur. Most buissness, including the Newspaper, use the internet to advertise, shop, or read. The association of Organization reported that in percent of Organization used a website and of them percent were in good positions. The president of Caps num imports said that they use an online catalouge because Caps is cheaper, but they can also promote that Caps is to save trees, or for the castomer's convinence. Small Organization can make websites to promote them selves and explain their star to potential coustomers. Person, the owner of Organization's said that the internet saved her resturant. Caps Caps wer not for the internet num more people would be jobless in Location. In conclusion computer help everyday people and without them most convinences would not exist. They help communicate around the world. Computers help people reaserch subjects for school reports, and they make the current economy get better everyday. In moderation computers are the most useful tool out there.