Dear newspaper, I think computers have a good effect on people. Computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Working with computers can give people extremly well hand-eye coordination. Dr. Person said, "In recent surveys and tests, I have noticed a major increase with hand-eye coordination of percent all thanks to computers. "Computers is also a way that people can learn to type in a recent survey at Organization, num-more students know to type, thanks to computers. Computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points. Instead of making a really big poster board for Caps Caps project, I made a power point instead that was so much easier. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things. For example, students can learn about interesting places that they never knew about. "Caps friends is moving to Location and she has no idea what it's like, or where it is. So, we looked it up on the internet and found out so much cool stuff about it, " says Person computers can also teach students about new cultures. At Caps Organization, Organization, percent of the students learned about num new cultures in one year, thanks to computers. Not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people. I never knew that president Person had num brothers, and gre up in Location, did you? Computers can be used in schools to help teach students about new things. Computers are used by many people to interact with another. using computers is an easy way to talk with friends. Using instant messenger is free! Now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore! In a recent survey done in the town of Caps Caps, percent of the people there thought that using computers to talk to friends was alot easier. Computers can help people meet new people online. Habe you ever heard of the dating sites? Well, this is what Person has to say about it, "Caps wonderful! Caps husband and I met online and we have been together for num years." Caps you have a faw away cousin and if you call or write them a letter it's too expensive? Well now you don's have to worry about that anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! "Caps so much easier talking to people online." says Person. Computers can be used to interact with another. Computers have a very good effect on people. They are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another.