Organization, The use of computer per family has increased greatly in the past num years. In that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise. If you use the computer it might break or not work properly. Computers are a big waste in time and a bigger waste in money. In the past num years many people month have gained a lot of weight. They do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online. Studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line. Another reason why computers dont give you exerise is because of google. If you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in. It is a much easier way to see sights but if you walk you could burn up to num times as much calories then if you just look it up on google. Another reason why computers dont give you exercise is you can get addicted to a game. Lets say that you have basketball practice at num:00pm. If you go on the computer at num then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice. You would be stuck on your computer mindlessly typeing a way on a computer game that doesnt help you anywere in life. When you dont go to practice you will not sweat and therefore gain extra weight. Scients say that if you actully play a sport you can lose weight by up to percent then if you didnt. Before there computers life was simpole, no student forgot there homework. But now they use there computer many things can go wrong. First the printer can break. Caps year my printer stoped working num times so I could not do my homework. My teacher said that forgetting my homework affectde my grade by over percent. Another reason why handwriting is more convienet is you are capable of doing writing during school Caps year with my teacher Person i had to write a prompt. She told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken. When I got down stairs she told me I had to write it so I got a num because she could not read what I wrote. Every other kid got a num or above but since I was not use to writing it affected my grade. Another reason why computers are inconvienet is when you need to do research. My parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers. So one day when I was home alone I had to reasearch euthonzing dogs on the computer but there was a power outage. I could not do my Organization events for science so I got a num on it. That grade brought my adverage down form an a+ to an a-. The only reason why I got a bad grade because I depended on the computer for reasearch and it let me down. If I had better hand writing I would have gotten a better grade. The final reason why computers do not benifit society is because they are a waste of money. Most computers caust up to money for the computer and installing. There is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give. The library has books so you can reasearch with books insted of computers. In my house all num people in my family has a computer but num of the computers are used once a week. They are extreamly expensive and there is no need for them. Also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by percent. With that extra money you could buy many books and magisnes insted of a computer. That is why computers are not useful. People are not getting exercise, so the gain percent more weight. It is much less convienent then writing by hand. Finally they are a major waste of money. The decads without computers were much more useful and everyone lived happpier.