Dear Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and allow people to talk online with other people. The invention of computers is the single most important event of the date. Person, a professor at Organization says that "the invention of computers has led to hundreds even thousands of new discoveries. This week alone, Caps have discovered num new drugs that could put an end to cancer." A report in Organization stated that percent of fortune num companies are run soley by computer programs. Organization also state that the other percent of fortune num companies plan to switch to computer based operations by the end of date. For personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your fellow peers in order to work on school projects. Computers make life easier in general and can help with all life throws at you. First, computer teach hand-eye coordination and can improve reflexes and reaction time. Computer based video games can prepare you for real life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills. Numerous flight simulators and driving simulators are available on the consumer market. In this day and age, flight schools require their students to complete hundreds of hours of flight simulators. Some driving schools even make their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the open road. Other games such as the Caps Caps, require you to think on your feet and can improve your reflexes. This Caps maker you dodge bricks and can greatly improves reaction time as well. All of the programs available via the computer can help you with real life obstacles and make you think createvly. Next, computers allow you to learn about faraway places and people. This is espicially interesting because you can learn about a countries culture without actually going there. This oppurtunity allows you to imerse yourself in different cultures and religions and would make it easier to relate to people to in faraway lands. Caps once said "Caps are afraid of only what is different than us, therefore, Caps have nothing to fear if nothing is different." Caps meant that if Caps know about people and places different than use, Caps do not have to be afraid of anything. Computers allow us to see people all around the world an learn about them. Seeing different things enriches our life and can make us better people. Lastly, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people from all around the world. With the invention of Caps, Organization and Caps, Caps can talk to friends that move out of town. Organization reported that of its num million users, num million users have friends that live in a different country. When I was num, my friend Person move to Location. Caps missed each other until I turned num and Organization was invented. Caps were both online one day and I searched his name to see if he had an account. He did and Caps immeadiatly started video chatting on a weekly basis. Programs like Caps allow you to make new friends as well as reconnect with old friends. In short, the birth of computer has allowed for vast improvement in society as a whole. Individuals can talk with friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room. Businessmen and women can have meetings on the computer with programs such as Caps. Government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world. Despite some people that think the advent of computer has affected communication. I belive that it is an effective too that everybody should have access to.