Dear Organization, Caps name us Person from Location, Location. I thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects Organization computer usage throughout the Location if you heard from a young teen. This would help you because at Caps age people are dependent on computers! they can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family and receive news about what is happening around the world. Although some people do not always benefit by having a computer, most Organization the time people are satisfied, and do benefit from the use Organization computers. First off, people are affected by computers in a positive way because they can be entertained whether it is playing online games, or participating in a fantasy sports league. Although I just mentioned two non-educational examples, there are many educatiional websites on the internet which children can learn from. In Caps personal life I can name so many examples Organization entetainment. I use such as Caps, which is an online game website, or fantasy football teams I am involved in. Another example Organization entertainment is when Caps younger brother. Parker goes on leaving websites. He will play on these websites for hours. Although he is sloveling infront Organization a computer screen he is learning. Also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher. They say this because a computer screen catches peoples attention. Learning is a major priority and if it means putting a child infront Organization a computer for an hour will improve this, then that is what will happen. Caps next reason why effect Organization computers on people is positive, is because it helps people communicated with friends or family. Caps brother is attending college at Organization and since we do not see him often. our family will video chat with him over a program called Organization. Because Organization this program we are able to stay in touch. An online poll was put out on date which asked how people regularly talk to friends, or family. Sixty-three percent Organization the votes showed that people communicate over the computer most Organization the time. Thirty-two percent said over the phone and about sixteen percent said in person. this shows how much people communicate over the computer using, facebook, Caps Caps, and much more. I would say that the computer is a good effect ion people when used this way. Lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world. On the computer at Caps house, everytime I open the internet there is breaking news about the war in Location devistation on Location, and much more. Alsom a few months ago a class at Organization made a pie-chart and discovered how their classmates find out world news. Fifty-six percent said they foud out their news from computers. Not only is it Organization students but most people get news from the internet. Just the other night at dinner our waiter was from Location and he said he received all Organization his news about his hometown from the internet. As you can see many people use the internet on their computers to receive news and information. It is easy to tell that the effect computers have on people is positive because Organization the reasons I have stated above; people can be entertained, they can communicate with family and friends, and Month recieve news about what's happening around the world. Like I said on the first paragraph, not all the effects are positive but most Organization them are!