Organization, Caps computers benefit our society has been a hotly debated topic among citizens in our town. Many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation. I firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society. Caps, Caps! I miss you!" are the words Organization num-year-old Person. Person has been working overseas for two years in Location, Location. One Organization the only ways she can contact her father is through Organization. Communication is extremely important in our society; it brings families and friends closer together. Computers provide a variety Organization forms Organization communication, such as Organization, Caps, and instant messaging. "Organization" allows people to have what can be called a "visual phone conversation." A teary-eyed Person says, "Caps since Caps wife died, Caps daughter has been Caps only companion. With Organization, I can not only hear her voice every day but see her face, too. It never fails to make me smile." Caps and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others. Invitations, announcements, and just a quick "hello" can all be done by Caps. Therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society. Have you Caps seen the look on a child's face Caps he/she learns something new? Computers provide an excellent variety Organization education in our society. For example, toddlers and children can use programs such as Organization (Caps). Caps programs teach reading, writing, and speaking to children. "Caps child used Caps Caps he was a toddler," says Person, a Location resident, "and now his teachers are so impressed by his reading and writing skills. I couldn't be more proud." Computers don't only teach children; they teach adults, too! Did you know that adults learn percent Organization their knowledge about the environment, politics, and other basic information from the computer? Computers are needed to help people learn in our society. Finally, computers teach balance. A Location mom says, "Caps teenager Person has learned how to balance computer and life, and I can definitely see how it connects to other areas Organization balance as well." Caps teenagers learn to balance their computer time, they also learn how to balance, extra-curricular activities in school. This shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers. I hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary. Caps they provide commonication, teach education, and help kids learn how to balance, what do we have to lose? Computers can most certainly improve our society."