===ANFANG TEXT===
Lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world. Where ever you look, be it at home, at school, at work, or on the streets, you see people texting, talking on phones, blogging, and other computer related things. This concerns some people. They believe that these generations are relying too much on computers and not spending enough time exercising outside or socializing. But here is where they go wrong. These experts are judging computers too harshly, for it's not like everyone is zoning out in front of a glass screen, sucked into the world beyond. Caps, most of these "computer geeks" are using the computer for useful things, while they are also used for entertainment, computers also help society to reconnect with long-lost friends or even get directions to a well-know resuraunt. As you can plainly see, computers are not turning us all into zombies. Computers are sometimes seen as a nusence. Parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started num minutes ago. But you see, this doesn't mean its bad. Everyone goes on the computer. "Even though my father complains that I'm on Caps too much," Person, Organization, says. "Caps forgets that Caps has one of his own." This is an example not unlike many other student's parents. About percent of adults confess that they too have fallen into the new fads such as Caps, Caps, and Caps. So why do we need these things? What seems to make them so important to us? The answer is simple, it makes us feel connected. Then again, if you think about it, maybe not so simple. Many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends is one big factor. "Everyone is already online." Person, computer technician, informs. "Caps all your friends are in something, wouldn't you want to as well?" Caps, as the famous saying, Caps your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?, flashes through your mind let me answer that for you - Caps. Being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts. As you find friends from highschool or just friends from school, your glad that Caps you can talk to them face to face - or computer screen to computer screen - again. Last, but certainly not least, the computer is a great resource. While some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report. This is how websites like Organization make billions from the words being typed into the search engine. The facts and places that arise from the computr are like gems waiting to be found. In conclusion, its easy to see why the computer and its resources are so loved. Everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies. Whilesome for pure entertainment, others for information, and another for reconnection. My Personal favorite finiding the true treasure of hidden bands, the fantastic ones, that Caps one even knows. And so, this is why I'm convinced the computer is a positive impact on the world.
===ENDE TEXT===
Ihre Note: 2
Benutzte Methode: Naive Bayes mit Faktoren
Benutztes Profil: Amerika: 8. Klasse (Note: 1-6)
Evidence: xx
Genauigkeit des Profils: 0%
Datum der Korrektur: Sun Jan 15 12:34:47 2017