===POCZĄTEK TEKSTU===
Dear The Caps Caps, Your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might be fading. Caps you know a large portion of people think this Person is harming our society. Well I will say I think they don't understand these benifit that computers bring us. Computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination is a perfect example. Plus, we use computers to learn about places we might want to travel to, or have a conversation with frinds or family living ways away tromus. Computers is an extrodarny piece or technology. First, I like to say everything that you do physically uses hand-eye coordination. Making dinner, riding a bike, driving a car etc. And unfortiunitly not Caps people are the best at hand-eye coordination. One of Caps friends, Person, had horriable hand eye coordination. So for his birthday I decided an getting him a computer. It's been num Month since his he had his computer and Caps he was trying to hit a baseball at his sons party, he moneged to hit the ball num out of num where he used to hit it num or num out of num. percent is a termendous increase in only num Month! Just something Caps simple Caps a computer improved Caps friends hand-eye coordination a termendous amount. Secondly, the computer can help you learn about far away places Caps the Location or Location. Do you really want to travel up to the icey cold, and piercing winds of the Location just to learn about it? For some I'd say like that but what if you cant travel up the Location due to money or flying conditions. I want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry. A statics from the Caps Caps of Caps States "Percent of people wpould love to experience the thrill and excitement of the Organization lights. But out of those percent only percent said they'd actually travel to Location to see them". So you can see that percent of those people wouldn't go whether it be due to money or the cold. Thery Caps said thats why they love the computer. They can experience the Organization lights without needing to travel into the bitter cold.Lastly, that better thing to do on the computer than with family you've never met before or don't get to see them. The editor for the Location Local States "Caps parents live over num miles away. I rarly get to tell to them now because I can't afford to travel that distance ofter. So I use Caps computer, Caps parents and I now communicate percent more than we used to. I love the computer it helps keep me close to Caps loved ones." Caps you can tell, thanks to the computer we talk percent more to his parents than he used to! In conclusion, the computer is a gracous device that is extremely benifital to people. The computer teaches us hand-eye coordination, lets us learn about places we other wise would never learn about, and to have conversations with friends or family that we generally dont get to see often. Now you go out and make anyone that says computers are a horrible inventions you tell them exactly why computers are so important!
===KONIEC TEKSTU===
Twoja Ocena: 4
Użyta Metoda: Naiwny Bayes z faktorami
Użyty Profil: Ameryka: 8. Klasa (Oceny: 1-6)
Evidence: xx
Dokładność Profilu: 0%
Data Korekcji: Sun Jan 15 12:47:32 2017