===BEGIN TEXT===
In a study conducted by Organization, num out ofnum people are spending more that num hours a day on the computer. "Caps computers became so popular here has been an increase in social problems, health issues and pollution," says Person. The question is then, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative affect on people? I strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us. First, less people are spending time outside enjoying nature. Imagine, sitting outside under the brilliant fall sun as leaves of red, yellow, and green dance with the wind. How will anyone see the beautiful sights of the outside world if their eyes are glued to the computer screen? Eight out of ten Caps surveyed by the national nature Caps admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer. "The more people who see how beautiful is the less likely they will pollute it with smoke. Dr Person. How is our country supposed to be clean if people want even turn off the computer the num hour a day and see the world? In conclusion, computers have a negative affect on person because they seeing beauty. Second, computers take up so much time that people are with their families. I used to think that talking with someone. Now, I've realized that talking in real life with people is better. I remember meeting the girl. She woulod always talk with email texting of instant messaging. Seventy-nine percent of families split up due to social problems. All smart, intelligent people talks about families or just car and around, these sucessful people know the key to happiness is communication and are working to help get rid of computers. Lastly, more time on computers means less exercise. Teenagers are supposed to get one hour of exercise each day but num out num teens surveyed at Organization admit getting that exercise. There has been a percent increase in a obesity in children from date when computers weren't big. Now almost num/2 of boys in num grade at Organization agree to spending too much time on computers. In conclusion computers take away some important things line exercise. Come on now-can't we agree that computers have a negative offers ? our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today! It will be the best choice you ever make.
===END TEXT===
Your Grade: 4
Used Method: Naive Bayes with factors
Used Profile: America: 8th Grade (Grades: 1-6)
Evidence: xx
Validity of the Profile: 0%
Date of the Correction: Sat Jan 14 16:36:54 2017