Dear The organization, "caps, caps, caps" goes the floor. "Caps oh here comes pete." "caps, is he getting fat". "all he does is play on the computer all day long." caps is on increasing amount or teenagers throught the location who are playing on the computer too much. This is needs to stop. "Caps playing on computers is one of the worst things that they can do with their time." Caps person of the international health committee. Caps are always going to be obesse people around the world but in the past num years location has doubled the amount of obese caps in all of location." Caps show that over percent of the american population is obese and very much so. The future of american is all obese lazy caps who only want to sit down in front of a screen all day. Percent of caps who don't experience nature at a young age never fully appreciate it. Since they play on the computers all day they don't ever use nature, they won't care for it and litter and pollute even more. Just caps playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves. Not only do the computers hurt the caps and the environment it hurts the family and friend, caps who are on the computer all day aren't spending enough time with their family and friends families are supposed to be close and they can't be if someone is playing on the computer all day. Just a couple of weeks ago person rayfield caps that he got grounded because he was playing on the computer so much he didn't talk to his many in two weeks. Percent of people who get divorced happen because of the arguements over the amount of time spent on the computer. "Caps person from the yale marriage research center. If caps knew that they might cause their parents to diverse they might stop playing on the computer so much. Therefore caps shouldn't spend that amount of time on their computer because of the health, the environment, and their families. So its up to the people really, do you want a nice physically fit nation where every family is close or and rundown obese hole in the wall that is "called" the location