Computers and the caps have changed the way the world works today. From stocks to instant messaging (caps) people have based important decisions in their life based on what they have read. Although some people believe that computers are pulling people away from the beauty of nature, relatives, or exersize. I believe that caps is only helping the world on a day today basis. One example is conversation, many people have close relatives that but over seas, cross country, or even across town. The caps helps them speak to others that they normally couldn't have a conversation with. On several occasions, my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent. What could have taken months by letters in the mail took as little as one hour to do over the caps. Another way to speak to friends or family is a website called caps. Caps is a website that allows you to speak to, caps or send pictures to others. Other websites like this are caps and caps percent of people in location have an account on one of these websites. One other way to speak to others, more for business reason, is caps. Multiple servers proud caps. such as organization, organization, or caps. "organization is my personal favorite' says person caps of the location caps newspaper, "caps has helped me endlessly if need to contact someone on short notice." That is one reason why I support the use of computers. Another reason I support the use of computers is because <percentnum> of all students rely on the caps for research papers and other assignments. "Even though I still use books," college student, person said."The caps is so much faster and the articles are more up to date. Search caps are most popularly used, such as organization or caps.com num, of all computer users with caps access have organization at some paint. Another handy program provided by all computer companies is caps caps. This program is used from everything to research papers to. This program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes. The main reason I am writing this paper is because experts have been complain that people have been spending too much time on the computer and caps has been distracting them from the important things in life. Such as friends, family, and nature. However, from the examples explained in this paper, I have shown that the caps increases conversation and curiosity of how the world looks and operates. As for exersise, caps is commonsense to spend as little as one hour working on personal fitness.