Dear caps, caps much time do you spend on the computer daily, num hour, num hours. While computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you. People spend hours at at time on the computer causing less time exercing, horrible speaking, and dangerous searches. From date to date the numbers of obese people increased from percent of location citizens to percent. In a recent study the amount of families with computers is now num out of date compared to the num out of date in date. Scientist wonder if they were connected and relized they were. People who spent hours on the computer live a sedentary life style. They are more likly to go on the computer than go exercise. The lack of exercising causes obeseity, and cardovascular problems. Without this valuable exercise more people are . At a visit to the hospitial a surgen said he has seen a huge increase of heart surgreys in the date. We found that the computer manual booklets says to only go on for an num hour at a time. The hottest thing online these days is social networking, whether caps's twitter, or facebook. These social networking allow teens to talk with there friends. But caps really isn't talking. For example they write caps caps going num dance. Not only is the spelling wrong but also the grammer. And this language doesnt just stay online, caps is now now they talk. Person the grandmother to a social networking said, "I can't even have conversations with her because she is is talking like she is on the computer. Caps's so sad." Caps for public speaking and english class, person an english teacher for num date states caps she has seen a drop in teens ability to write gramaticly correct and caps when she corrects essay the are written is social networking form. "Caps's hard to see litiature dissolving because kid are spending so much time on the computer. The average day for children in location caps is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home. Caps would you like your child to be surfing the internent alone without you for hours when you don't know what they are doing. Parent blockers can only do so much. Children can find out the password and net around caps. The dangers are always there. You can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information. You dont know what your child is searching or who they are talking to on the computer, caps could be "caps," the who lives four blocks over.