Dear Newspaper people, caps! Isn't computers just swell? I mean why aren't they you can one learn up on your knowledge, two you can play alot of fun games, and last but not least we can talk to our friend. Well I hope you enjoy my essay about the computer world. Have you ever had any diffuclty finding something in a libery? Well forget your libery cards just go on the computer's caps. On there you can fin what ever your looking for. One time I was doing a project on my favorite rocker organization, so my mom told me to check the libery for a book on him but I couldn't find one. So instead I just jumped on my computer but not really jump on caps but any way so I went on the caps and guess what! I found all I needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project. i mean ther's alot more you can learn with the computer like what's going on in the world around us or even learn about little world around us or even learn about little insects to big plants. Well that's what I got for using the caps for knowledge. Welcome back! Well now I'm going to tell you about a few games you can play on the computer. The game I'm going to tell you about is my favorite game and caps's called left num dead num; caps you never played the game your probably like that game sound really hard and scary well caps is. i'm just kidding caps can be hard at first and a little scary but caps's still fun. Another game I enjoy playing is a online game called, 'person," the game is fun and all but caps takes a while to do and kill the fun stuff. For example I'm a lvl. Num mage and I can take on lvl. Num caps because I can use high leveled spells. but anyways there alot of things to do on a computer. Like me you can kill zombie hared or just do a quest or two, who cares caps's in you hands have fun. Now the last thing I'm going to tell you about is how you can talk to you friends over the caps. well like me I moved so I couldn't really hangout with my friends so I got there caps-mail so now I can talk and see my friends on a webcam. Another good reason to be able to use the caps or computer is you can talk to family members who joined the organization. My uncle joined the organization and he's going to be leaving soon so I'm to be wanting to see him so I'll see him on webcam or be able to chat with him. Well that my reason why caps's a good reason to have a computer. One you can use caps to learn, two some hard care gaming, and three just talk to friends. Thank you and have a nice day.