Dear organization, caps being at home with nothing to do. You cant play basketball with person you friends because you have did hand eye cordenation. You want to learn about location, but there arnt any books. And you want to talk to your friends. That’s what would have happend if we dident have advances in technology. No handeye cordenation, we wouldent be able to learn about far way places and we coudent online. Ccomputers benifit our lives in so many ways. To begin with, hand eye cordenation is very important. Without caps we woudent be able to ware or even hold a pensil. Percent of peoples hand eye cordenation has emproved when using a computer. That was proven in a date say a caps by person, head of human reactions. “Caps knows that your hands are the most oversized part of you body, the computer help down the movements to hone hand eye cordenation.” – person said that in a date interview with sience magaziene. When you are clumsy you break things. Importan things sumtimes, like person in location broke her mothers glass vase. Caps could have been helped if she had used a computer. In addition, computers give us the power to learn about faraway places. No books! Percent of people prefer looking up information on a computer than in a book. Caps’s a fact. Some people wouldent have heard about the earthquake in location if caps wasent for the websights that brodcasted updates on caps. Campers weudent have heard. In organization had a front page spread to promote the use of computers instead of books. Books could be outdated but the computer will always have uptodate answers. Also, people need to be able to talk online. Bisness meetings, governments plans, to just chatting with a friend. People need to be able to stay in tuch. If the presedent couldent vidio conference he would be flying everyware. Emale is the only way person from caps talks to her coworkers. “ I just am located so far away, its so much easier.” Caps makes bissnesses and major incoperations flow.”caps is now the only way kids talk caps seems.” person says. Caps lets them feel like there a part of somthing biger then they are. Now, caps happy, healthy, and educated young and old amaricans. They can do and research whatever they want. Its amazing what technology does. Caps alows you to talk online research faraway places, and practice your handeye cordenation. That sounds like a good thing to me! So organization, computeristic fist are only good. So agree with me organization!