I agree that computers deffinately are an advantage to our society. I think this because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool with school work, or work purposes. Most of all for the enjoyment of children and now the fun computer games help them prepare for real life consequences,like how the game webkinz teaches kids to care for pets. "caps you have a caps?" caps caps, my caps. "caps, please friend request me", I replied. Later that night, I get home and check my caps, a new notification pops up and I am now friends with my caps caps. My entire family is on caps and I think it's so usefull for several reasons, like making plans and parties. I hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party I just type them up, taking less than five minutes. Or, for an even simpler way of sending invatations you can even just type an email or caps message. In fact, I just got invited to a party yesterday over caps. It's so easy, you just create an event and tag all of your friends in the note. Also, it's so easy to get caps's because you automatically get notified. Technology like this drastically makes life easier. For example, have you ever gotten something new and just can't wait to show your friends? Well, now you can, in the comfort of your own home. All you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with one of your friends that have one too. "caps, person! I love what you've done to your room, the pink wallpaper is so cute!" I said. "caps you! I love your hair today. It's so pretty," says person. I love webcamming with my friends because you can see and hear them as if they were in the same exact you. As you can see, webcamming is so much easier than spending more time money, and my moms time and getting a ride over her house. Computers make life so much more convienent. Another example how this is so much easier is now computers help you with school work. Have you ever had to write a report? Well, now many times teachers especially enjoy them typed because many students have messy hand writing and most kids won't like writing it anyways. Like myself, I type faster than I write and that's why I agree percent that computers benefit society. Most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you. How impressive would that be? If I was applying for a professional position of a job, I know I'll type my resume. In conclusion, that's how computers are so helpful, beneficial, important and fun to our society.