Dear location, I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. They even allow people to talk online. Computers are a very usefull piece of machinery. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. When your in school, you need to type lots of caps prompts, caps labs, and caps caps vocab. Computers help us do that. Typing fast and correctly takes practice. Typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination. This will help us later on in life also. Whether it's typing term papers in high school or your application essay for college, you will need the help of computers. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places. num years ago I look a trip to location for the first time. I didn't know a lot about the history of location so I sat down at my desk and turned on my computer. Suddenly, it was like I was in location! I read about the delicious food and rich culture. I took a virtual tour of the caps caps and the great caps. I heard caps music and learned some caps. In just num hour I visited location right from my very own house! Computers can take you on a magical journey to a far away country. Computers allow people to talk to online with other people. This is a very good thing. I have cousins who live in location and because of the num hour time difference, its not always easy to talk on the phone so we use the computer. My family will send e-mails back and forth with them. Sometimes we will even video chat! Caps networking sights accesible by computer such as caps or caps allow us to talk to people who we don't regularly see. On caps you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians. Computers let us keep in touch with others. Computers have a positive effect on people. Some experts month say that people spend too much time on the computer and while that month be true to some people, its not true to everyone. We still exersise, and spend time outside. We still interact with family and friends but know we are also able to do so on the computer. More and more people using computer is a good thing.