Dear organization, In a pole conducted by the organization (caps) percent organization people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library. Over the date few years it has become a growing debate as to wheather computers are a benifit to socity or not. Today in america over percent organization all people own a computer, according to the organization are most definatly a benifit to today's socity for the reasons that it allows better and easier world comunications, makes text and information, more redily avalible to the public and allows the advancements in technology that are nessesary. Communication is a vital part organization america and the world in this day and age. Communication is souly run by the commputer. Caps computers provide better and faster communication. They are also far more reliable. In the date's if you wanted to speech with some one who is far away you would have to send a letter. Along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there. it will be stolen in the mail and organization course the time that it would take to ge there. All caps are solved in todays email and instant messiging (caps), caps are relible, cant be stolen, and can go across the globe in seconds. Computers are not only a way for communication but also one organization the most prominate ways to research, caps the internet people would need to go to the library and run the risk organization the book not being there or the library being closed. Through the internet all the information organization the world is available num./ Computers are also the former in todays technological advances. Computers allow us to have inventions that run there self so human operation is not nessisary. this same technology saves lives every day and alows us to create organization better technology. As you can see computers are the greatest technology created in the date and allows faster and more relible communication, is the greatest library the world has ever known, and allows for the creation organization even more advanced technologies. Computers are an extreme benifit to socity and nessisary in this organization era.