In my opinion, having computers is avery nice thing and does good in our society. I think this because of three reasons, organization, it allows people to relax and wind down after a long day of work. Second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, caps, it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier. These are only a few of the reasons why computers do good in our society. Organization off, I'd like to say that after a long day of work, all you want to do is relax. Television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer. Well, thats a great way of winding down on a rough day. You can go on caps and watch funny videos or go on caps and on you friends new photo album. Your organization computer is to do many things. There are caps many game , such as caps come or caps cam that can be a lot of fun. Do you see why the computers a good way of calming down? Other than winding you down on a rough day at work, on the computer caps allow you to communicate with friends and family. AIM is a good way to talk to friends and plan get together. Or, you can just have simple talk caps and caps are great websites to keep in touch with old friends of you, caps even make new friends. A lot of teenagers and adults have caps because it gets. So caps that you can't get off it. As you get older, you dont talk to your friends that much and soon you don't have many friends at all. Caps prevents that so you can always talk to them. You should always keep in touch with friends. Most importantly, you use the computer for school work. Without it you can't get picture off organization or type an essay that due. Caps, you can't search words on location. Some teachers require you to type out essays and other don't. You need a computer if your teacher require you to type things. I go on swifts website to see if i have homework dure and that helps me out a teachers caps put extra credit online. All in all computes are good for society. Organization, you can just calm down and relax. Second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones. Caps and most importantly, it's very useful when it comes to schoolwork and up pictures/ . Now you must understant when i tell you that computers are important and very useful in society.