Dear caps caps, Have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people? It is a very negative effect. Computers are one of the main reasons of why kids do not exercise and become obese, it can effect students' grades, and by being on the caps, you are isolating yourself from your loved ones. First of all, more and more kids are using computers way more often than they should. The result of this, you month ask? Since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese. Researches from well-known colleges, such as organization and location, discovered that percent of kids who spend more than two hours on the caps are obese or will become heavier when they are older. After speaking with person, graduate from location, he told me that when children spend more time on the caps, they are doing nothing but staring at a bright screen that can damage their eyes, and not spending their time outside enjoying the beautiful weather. As a consequence, kids start to gain body fat from sitting on a coach staring at the caps all day instead of exercising! My second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades! After I spoke with a current student at organization, she told me that the reason why her grades drop is because she is too busy on caps, caps, caps, etc. She does not focus on her organization work like she should and because she doesn't, her grades go from num's to low num's. This shows that even "A" students are getting bad grades from being on the caps. Additionally, from being on the caps so much and not paying attention at organization work, it can effect your best grades on the organization's! This shows that by always going on the caps you hurt your academic skills. My last and final reason of why computers have a negative effect on children is because it harms your social skills of being on outgoing, talkative individual! Everytime you log into that death trap device, your selfesteem becomes lower because you never talk to friends or call them. You just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life. Also, you are pushing your loved ones away by being on caps num. You will end up never spend time with them and you will never call your friends to see what they are up to if you keep on going on the caps. Furthermore, if your mom or dad tells you to get off your caps, you become cranky and rude to your family just becuase you want to go back on your favorite electronic device. Do you really want to act that way to your family? So, in summing up, computers are a negative effect on many young individuals, and the reasons for this are that you have less time to exercise, it harms your grades, and you are not able to be as interactive with people by being on the caps. The real question is, though, is do you think computers have a negative or positive effect on people?