Although some people believe that computers turn us children into zombies, I believe that they effect us in a posotive way. Computers can help us explore far away places that we month never go to. Maybe help us connect with an old friend or just a little help on homeworks. One reason why I think computers are only helping us is they help us explore othe places. I know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit. But not at all of us can afford to travel far away. Most families however, do have computers. With these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place. "I have always wanted to go to location but my parents just don't have the proper incomg" said person of caps caps school caps I used my caps and the internet to discover. HUNDREDS of amazing facts on it." caps as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams. Another reason why I think computers are good is they help you connect with friends. If you are like me, you like to talk to your friends. A caps! But sometimes they are too far away to call if you don't want to pay for it. A solution a new wonderful machine called. The caps! You can chat long distances without being for it. This is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to location. I thoughy I would never talk to him again. Then I learned about caps caps. It allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want! Now, me and my friend can stay in touch and caps can you! My finale reason as to why I think computers are good is they can help you on homework too. Even have a tricky math problem you couldn't figure out? How about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined? Well the caps can solve both of those problems and more! Percent of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator. For the other percent you can download and install softwear onto your caps for a low price. And every caps made in this world has internet capabilities. All's you need to do is it on and get ready for a ride! caps don'y worry about too much caps use, because computers can only help us not hurt us. Caps remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent. they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school. Caps get on, and get goin. Have you used your caps today?