To whom caps month concern, caps the joy of just clicking a mouse and all of the sudden you are talking with a friend you haven't seen in years. Computers make this a reality for us, but that isn't the only benefit they offer. Computers help society by providing us with search engines and educational resources allowing us to connect easily with friends and family, helping us communicate importances and plan things and a lot more. First, computers have become a vital part of education and research a like. Students at schools, elementary through college, are able to connect with much more information than without computers. You can even earn a college degree on the computer! That's right online universities are beginning to form. This is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their children. Also, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals. New discoveries have advanced with the help of computers that will actually help people's lives! Computers are used to search for a cure to cancer disasters such as earthquakes, and even help see a disease someone has before its symptoms even begin to occur! Computers have helped save lives and benefit lives in ways people never could have imagined sixty years ago. Secondly, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around the caps. I recently got a facebook account, and within a few days I had found and to three friends of mine that had moved away a distant cousin who had moved to location that i haven't seen since we was little and even my great grandmother! The possibilities are endless. Email has also been very beneficial to society as well, as caps helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic. Lastly, computers help the caps communicate with one another. the internet is filled with websites made to benefit our caps, one being organization; caps caps caps. If not for computers this program wouldn't have been as succesful and beneficial as caps has become. Also, is an amazing website that combines education with the aspect of caps caps quizzes you on different levels of general knowledge and for each correct answer, organization donates num grains of organization. When i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of organization, while learning at the same time! To conlude, computers have proven to benefit the caps and all in caps, not only people but the environment, too. Computers help advance research, help people reconnect with one another, and help the caps communicate, Who knows that computers will help us accomplish next?