Dear organization, I understand that there is a big discussion going on about if computers have a possitive effect on people. I believe that computers do not have a possitive effect on people because children on the computers are not safe, they are spending too much time on the computer, and the programs and internet for the computer cost too much money. First, computers have a negative effect on people, including chicken, because computers are not safe. With all this organization technology, child predators can go onto facebook or another website and find out everything about you. This has happend to many people. Some predator went onto my friend person's facebook page and found out his birthday, where he lived, and what school he went to. Thiss guy sent person a threat saying that something going to happen to him. Luckily, with the help of police, they were able to find this guy and arrest him before he got to person. These days, this is happening all the time. More than percent of caps give all of their information away about it on these websites and child predators have looked at them. person states that "Caps this organization technology has helped, but the negativity if has had on society but Doctor the good the computer is doing." Caps organization, do you want caps to get taken by these child predators who know everything they need to know because of the computer? Another reason why computers have had a negative effect on people is because caps are spending too much time on the computer and not enough time doing homework and exercising outside. These organization websites that gives caps the ability to talk with friends and play games have made caps lazy and addicted to the computer. My friend, when he was little, would play outside for hours and hours at a time. He would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor. Now person is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time. Person's grades have dropped tremendously and he has gotten very chubby compared to what he used to look like. Statistics show that more than percent of caps have gained weight due to not exercising and their grades have dropped num on num grading scale. Dr. Doctor Much says that, "Caps have forgotten the fun in playing outside and lost the determination they had to do well in school. This is all because of these organization computers caps caps now can go to any website do anything on that website." Location organization, do you want your caps to gain weight and stop doing well in school? Lastly, computers have had negative effect on society because of money. Many families have spent thousands thousands of dollars on buying the computers and caps them fixed. These organization computers are crazy expensive. They range from money num for a caps computer. Then each family had to buy the software and programs to go with the computer. A close family friend of ours just bought a computers. They bought a caps that costs money, on top of that, they spent money on all the programs they needed for the computer. This family cannot afford this computers but they think that they need one. Caps they have gone to the college fund for money. Now their kid has to go to a cheap school caps their family won't go. Statistics show thas percent of families have waste their college money in computers because the family thinks they need a computer. Dr. Doctor caps, "families do not need computers, yet they waste their college money on them. Caps organization do you think that money from a college fund is worth a computer? Computers are not worth caps your children at.