Dear Local Newspaper caps, caps our technology advance, so do are lives. Computers are a perfect way to better our way of life in ways that are benificial to us and future generations. The use of computers, and the caps alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on location talk to people faraway, and express ourselves. Computers give us a bright future. First many people, actually percent of the worlds population are generally stationary, and line in a local town or city environments. This is why computers are so helpful because they give caps a way to research other places around the globe. Caps can create an interest in other cultures, and shape our opinions caps caps discover things about other places. From there, caps can look at different topics in a wide spread point of view. In doing this caps will connect to other ways of life. Caps philosopher and poet person state" caps learn about ourselves through the discovery of others." Caps, another particularly handy function of the caps through computers is caps can communicate with people who live far away, when caps couldn't visit otherwise. A location study showed that actually percent of use of the computer is communication with sites like facebook or caps. A scientist in location, person, says caps caps humans tend to enjoy communication because it gives caps a sense of unity. This is why so many companies are realizing that sites like organization, caps, and organization are gaining in popularity." And this is true. It is enjoyable to caps, talk, or email others. Without computers, this couldn't be possible. Lastly, computers give us the chance to express our ideas like never before. Now, stars aren't only made in location, but now you can make yourself famous on caps or caps. Just ask person, who's voice reached out and caught the attention of a major record company. Now, everyone knows his name and listens to his music. Like person, the more wordy folks can express themselves by blogging their opinions. " About half of computer use, " says caps to computer weekly, person," is using blogs and videos to state one's ideas." Caps can persuade others to think caps caps do and discover thngs that caps have discovered. Self-expression is very important to society, and this is why computers have such an affect on people. Caps it is clear, computers have a positive affect on people and society. They allow us to learn about faraway places, communicate with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas. Welcome to the future.