Dear caps, caps name is person and I will be talking about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on man kind. So many great discoveries and great topics have been found on the compture, studees have shown <percentnum> of famous in the united states has at least one computer in there house holds. There a great way look up important information withoout going to the and searching for hours, to contract others, and lets face it they make our a life a whole lot easier. Imagine this! your stressed and on edge you have just num hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay. You have a pounding head ache and just want to quit, your probably in the libary reading through hundreds of books. Now imagine you being at home sprawled across your lap, all it takes is a few taps on your keyboard and bam! Instant information. Now how easy was that, thats one of the great impacts computer have made on us, humanity. Computers are terrific to learn things with a fast pase to it. I personally have used computers to caps advantage you logon go to google type the subject of knowledge and its just like you have a personal teacher in your own home. A local study has been underway the have a groups, caps A which has a libary full of books and caps caps a caps with a caps caps, The scientist gave them all the same essays, caps caps <percentnum> of student have passed with flying colars while caps A <percentnum> passed with a caps or higher. Thats important because higher grades, means higher test scores. higher test scores equal fundimg. I think computers are the best invention and is not imparing humans its evolving them. Imagine this! your sitting at home crying because your special other has moved far away from you well computers are a great way to reconect with that person. Computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person. For even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying num miles. I have num aunts that I cannot live without who are caps strong base who I cant live without talking to for a day. Without computers I dont know what I would do. Scientist tool surveys that percent to the caps.S.A has family in other states, countries, or even contents, hey have to have some way to be in contact. Caps last reason is I know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier. Some jobs that have opened up giving unwadged citizens a sorce of income on computers. <percentnum> of jobs relay on computers. Imagine a chasier counting all the money, a banker having to take time counting one by one other peoples cash, a telemarketer calling with no way of information. All these ways and more that computers have impacted us. Now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but NOT least made me and yours life better. Computers are a terrific way for human to adap to the fast life.